Oh, it was a it's quick, quick, quick meeting anyways. Essentially it went through copilot, I mean like.
It's kinda like.
It there's a lot of overlap.
Between what we're producing right now and what they have, right, so we need to figure out a way to distinguish ourself, right. And I guess there's a couple of gaps that they don't really address. The first one is they they don't really, they're not really tied it towards an agile work environment, which Telstra is, right. So that can be one way we differentiate ourselves, right, which is focusing on the agile.
Work environment, right?
And the second thing is seems like.
Yeah.
Conversations are like one off like say you have multiple meetings related to each other, right?
That AI may not directly.
You know, use all the contents, all the transcripts of all those meetings as context to produce an art, like an output. So those are two ways I see that we differentiate ourselves, right? We say that, OK, no, there's a third way. Sorry. But the 2nd way is.
Regards the context is that we can say, OK, we we make sure we use use up that context window so that we.
Essentially, our solution is able to.
Our solution is able to accumulate low knowledge from past meetings. Right now, the third differentiate differentiating factor is that our solution is like a lot cheaper, right?
I haven't done a pair head calculation yet, but what they have is theirs is 30 USD per person per month.
And I think that comes comes around about two what 5.4 million.
Her USD per person, I mean 5.4 million USD per like per year for the company, right? Yeah. So I'll also be cheaper, but then else doesn't have as much as many features as they have 'cause Mez isn't just meeting an agenda setting. We've got other **** in there.
So I think the first and second points, which is the agile and the.
Making the most out of the context window would probably be the way for us to differentiate our product from what they have.
Kids.
Or can we just leverage copilot and to to make it more?
To to tailor it to what we need.
Instead of competing.
Copilot is.
Well, we have this strategic partnership, right? So why can't we?
No, no. What we can do is that we can, we'll make our own agile like focused one, right, just for us and then we will say we will code develop it to integrate our solution into pilots. Copilot's solution that's how like long term plan before now it's a separate instance.
Then.
Would if you have the plan, I I don't know how much detail they're gonna think of this, but.
I'm just thinking logically, if you have the plan to eventually.
Codevelop and integrate copilot into your ecosystem, but then you're expanding resources to also create your own. So eventually when you move to copilot, the foundation you've built because like you wanted to kind of do that trial run. It wasn't that awful. Nothing. If you eventually migrate like because it's the same kind of solution anyways, the transcription feature of the the order meeting generator, things like that.
Wouldn't that be wasted?
Yeah.
That's the problem.
Yeah, yeah, it it it. But you know, I guess telsha's not very well known for.
Yeah, you're right, it will be wasted.
So.
What? What, what what?
Oh.
I mean, but it it's you can think of it as a necessary evil to to prove our point, right? Because without that, we can't. We we can't do the agile thing.
What's wrong with just using?
Copilot initially and then we use it because the copilot.
Because 'cause copilots essentially an end to end solution already, right? Like we can't really add it, it's hard for us to add value to it whilst using.
But that's the first thing. Second thing is this limited access to copilot? Right now I don't have access. It's hard to get access only like only a couple of people. Maybe 200 different companies like selected people across 200 different companies have access to pilot, so we can't leverage it right now.
But.
I mean I I think I understand what you mean about leveraging copilot thing that into our solution. Maybe. Yeah, you're right. Maybe we can do that. But.
I'm just cause like I'm just thinking what the brief is the the the thing brief.
Hmm.
It is it. It's just saying how can we use Gen AI like I can't remember the specifics, right? But from memory I remember it saying something along the lines of how can we use generated AI to improve employee experience and it doesn't really.
That doesn't really necessarily mean we have to create from scratch, right? That means we can leverage existing platform. I I don't know, I'm just interpreting what the theme says, right. I think if the theme is like.
Masking theme then it's more of like a build, but this one's more like. I don't know that like I'm thinking of. Yeah, just more of an integrate. But then there's obvious evident gaps within Co pilot that wouldn't really work with Telstra's ecosystem in Telstra where, where, where, where agile, we have a lot of recurring meetings, employee experiences hindered as a result because there's a lot of like.
Things to do but Co pilot already has the infrastructure. We have a strategic partnership, we leverage that. But then also make a Telstra fight through like at filling in the blank. I don't I don't know that that's kind of how.
My line of thinking 'cause it's still using generated AI cause copilot is Gen AI.
And employee experience is the Telstra component.
Telstra employees feel happy.
But yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, but The thing is, we can't. We can't access copilot right now. We can't really create anything to show.
But then what? What's?
Expectation timeline is it like now or is it like?
I mean they, they they probably want something that looks like it kinda works by by first day, right?
So as I.
Oh no, I meant I meant, yeah, sorry. I I meant like, obviously for our prototype.
Long term, plus less strategic.
Like it?
Yeah. Like obviously for our prototype, we do our own thing, but then?
Yeah, OK. Yeah.
But like like we can say like I don't know I need to do more. I'm gonna do more research on the agile umm way of working but I don't 'cause I haven't worked in that environment before, but I'm guessing agile has like a lot of like time consuming administrative tasks and all that. Maybe we can tailor our solution towards reducing those times.
There's a lot of ceremonies which have a lot of things you have to go through.
So adjust it could be good and could make it Telstra focused.
Say copilot isn't necessarily.
Yeah, like maybe a date. Yeah. I think Sean was mentioning, like, oh, like, what's the meeting generator was to take into account, is what that meeting is for. Is it a retro? Is it a stand up? Is it a ceremony and adjust the output for that.
Because if we like we, we need to do this is the we've gotta steer our ship like towards like that this way. Otherwise we're just. There's just gonna be like, hey, we're copilot. Kind of does the same thing except it's more integrated. It's more seamless. So. So what's the? What's the value out of your solution, right.
That's fine. And and yeah. So so like, sure we can probably like sign our own thing and tailor it for Telstra. And then after that like thinking long term, right we can we can Co develop, collaborate and integrate with whatever Microsoft has like it doesn't have to be a solid plan but it has to be something that's kind of sounds reasonable. I mean of course there's going to be flaws but like it's.
It is what it is.
Yeah.
Sorry guys, I'm gonna drop off, but I'm. I'm happy to talk later. Just let me know. Yeah, you guys discuss all right.
Yeah. Yeah, right. Sure. You drop off then.
Yeah. Yeah, we can call later if you. If we need. Yeah, but.
So David, Chris, it's like, do you guys think think it's a good idea is that we we make like our problem essentially like Telstra and Agile focused rather than just meeting minutes and just meetings, so more tailored towards Telstra because otherwise we're gonna we're not gonna be able to differentiate ourselves.
Yeah. I mean, I think still include those features because they're good and they're easy to demo. But yeah, push it towards the agile focus because that gives it something of a unique setting point.
But I I think you and Jason need to sort out that.
Copilots question.
Yeah.
'Cause it we need to be prepared for that one. But I think as a general rule a shift towards agile is quite reasonable.
You're right. But what do you think, Chris?
Yeah, I think that's good. But like, are we going to then make like the ticket generation like our main thing then?
Not too sure if I need a research more on agile. I think. How about like us, I'll spend some time today and I'll I'll figure out what kind of features we we kind of need.
Uh, But yeah, based off our previous discussion, yeah, probably ticket generation will be a big part of it.
Hmm.
So with the copilot stuff now like, are we, like gonna just, like, do a brief mention about what we had originally, like the meeting minutes? Stuff like, is that just gonna get scrapped or are we still keeping you?
Mm hmm.
I think meeting minutes will be part of it, right? 'cause like even in. OK, I'm kinda guessing what agile is like right now. There's different types of agile meetings, right? You've got Retros you've got.
Yeah.
Ceremonies and all that stuff. Right. And so it'll be nice if those meeting minutes were tailored towards that rather than just. It's a meeting minute, right. Do you understand what I mean?
Umm with agile like daily standups, you don't really need minutes on what like my experience so I guess it would just 'cause like at least for the teams I was in like we'd never had minutes for any of the agile stuff.
No, you just update your tickets basically.
Yeah, yeah.
What about? What about the ever stop the retros? The ceremonies?
I'll be honest to me like Retros was always pretty useless.
I guess like from the business point of view, they would love it. 'cause they wanna, you know, push that stuff. So I think it would still be good, but.
Like the people who actually use it, I think, though, think it's kind of like, yeah, whatever.
You know, Retro is right. I'm guessing what happens is that you look over what you did and then you figure like you kinda say, oh, this is what we did. This is what we could have done better. Like is that is that what what kinda happens?
Like.
Yeah, yeah. But things like people don't talk in retrospect.
Yeah, we don't talk.
That's fine. All. I don't know. I don't know what what an executive would think like, do they?
Do they know that? Like what if we go off?
As a result of this retro, we now have like a supporting document that has been Odo generated.
Would that be helpful, at least from the business like an execs point of view?
So probably.
We're like, what other ideas do you guys have like to solve this problem that essentially copilot?
Kinda overlap with a lot of the things that we were originally doing.
Perhaps. I also think that like having that unique or that that tool that dashboard to manage everything is useful, better keep track of everything and to go to like have one meeting flow into the next. So you can build up a consistent timeline.
That's useful.
That's something I that's a really good point, David.
Clymis have access to copilot right now. No one knows how. How how well it is. It's very limited in terms of feedback, but I don't think I saw that. They have, like a centralised dashboard or anything. It's all just integrated, right? It's.
It's integrated, but it does number central dashboard and that's that point of centralization would be a really good differentiating factor.
Look, I'll, I'll take a look at what? What we can, what we can grab from agile and also the dashboard and all that stuff and then I'll see how we can differentiate ourselves if we can differentiate ourselves and that way of differentiation provides values to our users then that is how we will answer the Co pilot question.
Yeah, sounds good.
Yeah. Alright, I'll, I'll, I'll get. I'll get started on this. I'll try to balance like the work and all that stuff, but hopefully I'll get back to you guys sometime soon.
Hello. Hello.
Oh yeah, yeah, I was gonna.
But I'll I'll say continue working on what what we do right now, because we can probably rework it for whatever we need it for.
Sorry.
Oh. Oh, maybe. Maybe Chris got pulled into something else to to talk someone else to talk to in the mean in the office.
Alright.
OK.
But yeah, my main point is I guess for you guys, maybe keep on going at it, whatever you guys are doing, we can probably figure out a way to rework it and it's probably a good idea to get some experience on that. So you can answer questions if need be.
Yep, OK.
Yeah, alright. I think we'll end it at this then.
Hey sorry did anyone get around free like requirements requirements like file or anything like that.
No, I don't think so.
Uh, I'll go chase them up.
Alright, cheers. Talk to you soon. Bye.
Alright, cool. See you. Bye.